what a story dude like these guys are
fucking unbelievable
sorry no you're good you're good your
sponsor verified I'm so happy to be a
part of these guys as careers and our
team is awesome and I want to scream it
from the mountaintops
well I interviewed him at the start of
the NA LCS it is now the end of the
spring split week 9 was done and his
team is a number 1 with coverage
presented by Omni /as as everything is
starting to wrap up here at C na LCS
people headed out on their verse so
nadeshot first off congratulations your
team did it number one you still got
playoffs ahead of you but quite the big
deal I mean a lot of echo fox was
basically locked in number one for so
much the time and you guys stole it to
make the hundred thieves joke the heist
what's what's this whole experience been
like for you what's this past 24 hours
let's say well for me I just keep
thinking back you know how many things
needed to happen for this to play out
the way that it did I mean it's it's
absurd we started off in the middle of
season we went like oh oh and three I
think we got a three-game losing streak
and then since then we've gone eight and
one I mean the turnaround that our
rosters had it's just unbelievable and
so the last 24 hours it was a whirlwind
for me just because I didn't know what
to expect I knew our team was playing
really well in the week previous in
scrims it seems like they're just
connecting a lot more as as players and
his teammates there's a lot of more
synergy a lot more smiles a lot more
talking so it just felt like everything
was lining up for us and beating echo
Fox two times in a row on stage although
they are playing with the new lineup
then they have the entire split it's
ridiculous man I'm so thankful and just
blown away by our team's performance
it's interesting for me because you know
one of the questions I have for you is
was there any moment that you were
concerned about the team or you you
thought maybe this things might not go
well because I remember you guys in the
heist there's an episode where you end
and you're like I'm gonna talk to you
about some day and then the next episode
you're like but I can't yet cuz we just
lost a bunch of this episodes around
that time which I think it was like he
said the middle of the split did you
start to feel like oh like this might
blow up well I think our team in turn
there was a point where we were just
thinking to ourselves okay we are on the
brink of not even making the playoffs
like there was a time if you go back and
watch some of the broadcast where we
were sort of written off and so for us
to turn around and just explode the way
that we have I mean it's just ridiculous
I just do not expect it but there was
definitely a time where we were more
worried about our playoff hopes I would
say than anything we weren't worried
about the players I did like an all
house meeting where my partner John he's
our president and CEO we met with all
the players individually and all the
coaches just to sort of reset
expectations and help them understand
that we have your back 100% we're here
to help you in any way that we can we
just expect you to go into practice and
play hard every single day I mean the
schedules that they're on are incredibly
rigorous it's like ten hours a day and
then they go in place soloqueue and so
we understand that commitment but when
you're doing that you have to put your
best foot forward and as much effort as
possibly can and it's like 100 thieves
stand for 100 percent some of the time
and so we need that all the time
so there was definitely a point where we
were worried but I think we did a good
job the coaching staff did a fantastic
job of managing the players and the
morale of the team and just pushing them
forward at every turn in the corner so
I'm just really proud of the the the
entire staff how much would you
attribute the success of the team to the
frequent in and out meals that you guys
need well here's the thing I I've made
too bad to the team thus far when we
first played optic which was my old team
I told him if you guys win I'm gonna buy
you guys all Easy's from adidas and
Kanye and then we played Team Liquid and
we needed to play them to stay
undefeated and they were undefeated at
the time earlier in the split I told me
if you guys win I'll get you a gift card
to end it out for $250 I haven't paid up
on either of those bets yet I told them
it's a two-month window that I have time
to you know make do on what I bet but I
think the in and out helped you know for
sure I feel bad because some day always
wants to get hotdogs but you know we
only have burgers and we would go to
Shake Shack but it's so far away we need
to get hot we need to get some hotdogs
or some day well hopefully we figure
that out soon one of the fun moments for
me is reflecting back to I think it was
December when I first interviewed you
and you said I am so excited by this I
mean
to be out every single game and you have
been I've seen you in the audience every
single game high five good job you did a
commitment yeah yeah I know well I
wasn't expecting it there we go okay
that's a little hot no um
so first off you did it what has it been
like for you or what is it like for you
now reflecting back to kind of like you
first had this roster probably was like
I believe in these guys you're like okay
I believe in you and like we'll make
this work too now like you've been here
every single day
you have you're now headed into playoffs
that's number one seed like what's that
arc been like for you what I didn't
realize is how much I was actually going
to enjoy watching League legends
I think it's because I have skin in the
game that I'm probably more interested
in it but I just think Liga legends as a
whole is such a incredible spectator
experience like every kill is important
so I really enjoyed my time watching but
and just what I love the most is how
resilient our team has been honestly to
have a middle part of the season where
things just weren't going their way to
turn around and do everything they did
just the players stories has had me
invested their careers and just getting
to know them I've loved every second of
it I mean every Saturday and Sunday I'm
gonna be really sad for the next couple
months until the summer split starts up
but I'm ready for the playoffs
one of the things that we never really
talked about sort of in response to this
moment just now we were talking about
was when I first did that interview with
you and you had that quote that was like
I'm gonna be at every single game I
don't know too much about the call of
duty pass but there were a lot of people
that came on they're like yeah hey Chad
already says he's gonna work on this
project and then he gets distracted he
goes off into something else so we'll
see how but like I said you've been here
every time you seem super committed in
the heist you're like constantly talking
about the stuff do you think that this
is your future for a long term now like
how what does this been like for you as
you've transitioned into sort of being
like a businessman and a leader for the
team and and really moving into this
this role I'm all in in I mean 100
thieves is my life's work I mean I know
I'm still pretty I'm 25 but I've been
working in eSports and just playing
games competitively since I was 14 years
old 25 now I just said that I said it
twice but my my point is is that
everything that I do every decision that
I make every video that I make every
stream that I broadcast it's all for 100
days and
it's like nadeshot doesn't exist anymore
I hope that 100 thieves is around 20
years from now and nobody has any idea
who the hell I am
it's like that would be a success for me
but I'm I'm all-in it's it's my only
focus as a businessman as an entertainer
all my energy is being spent
bringing 100 thieves to new heights so I
mean I'm gonna be at the LCS as long as
they'll have me very good and hopefully
that's for a while speaking of that
playoffs kicks off next week you guys
get the Bison you don't have to worry
about that but then you'll be showing up
after that and you'll be headed to Miami
regardless how do you think is the
teaming to continue with this are you
guys gonna get number one are you gonna
go off to the international stage I
would like us to go number one in the
first place after everything is said and
done I think it would be an incredible
experience for our organization as a
whole just to be a part of it an
international event so far at the
beginning of our I mean we've only been
around for two and a half months I mean
it would be ridiculous but you know I
think for us one thing I was I didn't
even imagine that us would be finishing
in first place but I think the
implications that this finish has for us
and like the the bigger picture maybe
going to Worlds at the end of the year
this is great for points this is great
for everything this is great for long
term so I'm definitely thinking about
what could happen in the spring split
playoffs I would love to go to MSI for
the first time but it's like I feel like
100 thieves needs to pay their dues you
know I was talking to Jack earlier in
the player lounge and he was just
telling me about their history and I was
like hey if you ever want to split
before yeah he's one too and then he
started talking about the seasons and
I'm like holy God I'm being spoiled I
mean our our team did such a good job of
putting together a roster that can
compete at the highest level and so just
having so much success early on I
definitely am honored but I'm humbled as
well I just need to manage my
expectations I suppose I got to pay my
dues yeah well I I know that you guys
got number one I want to give this to
you a lot of people been talking about
merchandise at the end of the heist
there's a shot of one of your guys like
looking at a wall you guys just came in
everyone are you guys gonna restock
merchandise what's going on for the fans
there when is this gonna be uploaded
this will hit tomorrow if not like maybe
Tuesday or Wednesday probably Tuesday or
Wednesday cuz I don't ever like a
24-hour window you might see some
announcements then you might see some
announcements listen merchandise and
apparel for a hundred thieves is
probably our number one focus right now
and I would like to say for everybody
watching we're not sitting here trying
to hold it hostage so that you guys
can't feel like you're a part of one
hundred thieves I'm honored that so many
people want to spend their money and
represent our team but we're just trying
to make sure that we get the process
right so that you have the highest
quality clothing that will last you many
many years when you decide to spend
money with a hundred thieves that's been
our biggest focus and I don't think
people understand how long that actually
takes especially for us because the LCS
started in January we finalized our team
in December and you know we had to put
together an infrastructure for our team
first and foremost take care of the
players and all the organizations that
you are watching right now besides
clutch optic and golden Guardians
they've had years to prepare and so it's
just kind of like another day for them
where we had to start from the beginning
so we got to make sure our players were
comfortable and happy and we set those
those guys up for success and now we're
focusing on the fans in the community
and so I think you'll see in the next
couple weeks we'll be making some
announcements and I promise you the
reason why it's taking it so long for us
is this because we want you to be happy
and satisfied when you decide to
represent us with with clothing so
anything that you want to say to any of
the hundred these fans out there in the
middle of this interview I swear to God
I thought I was gonna have a panic
attack
I'm not how come yeah if you guys go
back and look I don't know I some I have
I I deal with anxiety and like I swear
to God in the middle of this I was
almost gonna tell you stop like my left
arm is again now I thought I was having
a heart attack
but I think I might be a hypochondriac I
don't know but that's all
now that was well let's see I almost had
a panic attack and I'm not I don't get
nervous doing these interviews but holy
God um no I I think just this journey
that we've had as an organization with
our community has just been one of the
best experiences of my life I mean I've
been a part of eSports for a very long
time and I was a part of optic gaming
for six years and I stepped away for
about two years and I knew that I had to
be involved with it in some way and I
just didn't realize it would be as big
of an impact with the owning my own team
but it wouldn't be possible if I don't
have everybody at home you know
supporting our roster
supporting all my endeavors and I from
the bottom my heart I genuinely
appreciate it
I mean to have Steve from teamliquid
such an accomplice organization
congratulate me on a first-place finish
and just to gain the respect of a lot of
these these traditional franchises that
exist before 135 it just means the world
I it's I can't even put it into words I
can't convey it you know you'll see with
our actions that we really are excited
to be here a part of the LCS the support
that we've received from the fans on our
videos and just being welcomed with open
arms being a newcomer it I don't even
know how to explain it to you guys we
just really appreciate it we're gonna
keep working hard well congratulations
nice shot I really appreciate it
the interview and everything and it's
been cool to sort of see from beginning
to so now how the split is gone for you
man first place it's pretty good pretty
good pretty good pretty good now well
son
can we talk about Neil real quick he
left h2k brought in the world's two out
of three years last year Crawley
yeah probably sorry Neil came back to
North America got our team first place
someday Rio meteos Cody Cody son I think
they're uh I think everybody on our team
could potentially be considered like in
the in the MVP race if somebody on our
team I'd be surprised we just finished
first after we played out of this his
mind meteos play I'm putting I'm putting
it I'm putting this out it's good it's
gonna consider one of the players my
huntys for MVP there you go we just it's
just because we've been slept on it's
like any time we would beat a good team
I was like yeah we thought they it was
lucky you know and then we played
another good team we beat them and it's
like still not sure but we just beat
echo fox and it been a best of three
essentially I feel like you were
containing that the entire time you were
like okay I'm not gonna pop off I'm not
gonna it's gonna be fine I'm gonna be
professional then right at the end here
you're like I just I just I just want to
see our players be successful that's
like my biggest thing we're you know I
said this early on where a player owned
organization and I see myself in these
players so much and I just wanted like I
just want to take them here and bring
them here like I just want to nurture
it's like they all have their own
careers and they've done wildly
successful things but it's it's like
when after when he told me he's never
received an MVP I was like on
he's played so well I just want everyone
to understand how much time and effort
has gone into this season for I mean for
all the players a part of the LCS but
our team specifically five players who
have never played to get with each other
before and they were all kind of like
the misfits nobody thought meteos was
gonna play and be successful they
thought he was done same thing with ryu
and cody son had that play at Worlds
everyone keeps talking about after moly
CLG it's like the story of these players
coming together and making such a big
impact on the LCS North American
community and just the standings I mean
what a story dude like these guys are
fucking unbelievable sorry no you're
good you're good your sponsor verified
I'm so happy to be a part of these guys
as careers and our team is awesome and I
want to scream it from the mountaintops
well I don't want you to have a panic
attack that was scary man I almost like
I almost sat down no you're good but
yeah go sell go celebrate your team the
adrenaline I think is hitting you I'm
very happy for you though this is why
this is why I wanted to do this
interview with you for everyone else you
can check out the rest of my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel hey guys it's me Travis
cafard you may know me from the
interview that you just watched the end
so that you're seeing the outro now
wanted to give you a heads up that if
you subscribe to the YouTube channel
you're actually a better human being and
by the way thank you so much to Omni
slash for making this all possible